##Personas

**Persona 1:** Sarah is a recently transferred student. She likes to walk her dog while listening to to music in her spare time. She isn't very confident in her computer science ability, and doesn't want to make a fool out of herself. She is very behind in class due to personal reasons, procrastination and finds it hard to concentrate in lecture. She often finds herself confused and overwhelmed. She has numerous questions for every lecture, but doesn't feel like they merit the professor’s attention.

**Persona 2:** Josh finds computer science intriguing. He grasps the material very well, but suffers social anxiety. Due to many weekends spent indoors learning a new language or building a new application, he finds it hard to interact with people. He values his intelligence above all else, and refuses to admit that there is anything he doesn’t know. Arguments last for hours with Josh, and he often finds himself alienated among his peers. During lecture, the professor goes over a concept that confounds Josh, and he refuses to give up his pride and ask a question.


**Persona 3:** Matthew is an instructor at the University of Toronto. He likes long walks on the beach, yelling at the homeless, and spreading joy to wherever he decides to graces with his presence. When he's not teaching computer science, he is often found in a nearby park in a wild rage from last week's lecture. Matthew has been frustrated recently with the lack of student participation in his weekly lectures. He knows his audience of computer science students must have questions that they want to ask, and he wishes that there was some way to increase student participation in his lectures.
